I feel like if you went to lunch with
Natalie Portman she would only order a
hot tea with lemon and maybe some toast
definitely not an entree though oh look
at me I'm Ryan Gosling
I have perfect bone structure and kind
eyes go yourself Ryan Gosling Samuel
Jackson has resting fart face yes I do
I'm going to white balance my TV on
Jessica Chastain's chest
are we all just ignoring the fact that
Eddie Redmayne and Felicity Jones have
the same face
dear Eddie Redmayne I hate your stinking
guts you make me vomit you're the scum
between my toes love's genja Shannon
raised his arms and my dad looks at his
armpit hair and says you look like you
have Whoopi Goldberg in a headlock it's
really dense there
lin-manuel Miranda looks like he's
getting a 1996 NBC sitcom with his
haircut Casey Affleck is the real-life
version of Billy Bob Thornton's
character in swing Emma Stone looks like
a crack in every role she plays
great miles teller has the face of a guy
who would request Gangnam style had a
wedding where he doesn't know either the
bride or groom fair enough
now's probably a good time to remind
everyone about this dog that looks like
Tilda Swinton
I think Jeff Bridges wears pants a lot
less than we all think he does oh that's
actually true Robert De Niro's too old
to be making gangster movies still dude
needs to start playing grandfather rolls
or something yeah I am playing
grandfather rolls and pretty soon I'll
be playing great-grandfather rolls you
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy